## releasemanager

Release Manager is a tool for importing and exporting Helm release state

### Synopsis



Release Manager provides functionality for exporting and importing the
state of Helm releases currently deployed to a Kubernetes cluster. The state
of the installed releases is saved to a configurable backend for easy
restoration of previously-deployed releases or for simplified re-deployment of
those releases to a new Kubernetes cluster.

Release Manager operations can be run locally or within the Kubernetes cluster.
The application also supports a daemon mode that will periodically update the
saved state.

To export releases, Release Manager queries Tiller to collect metadata for all
releases currently deployed in the source cluster and writes this metadata to
the configured backend data store. If the Release Manager is deployed in
daemon mode via its own Helm chart, it will also store metadata about itself.
This metadata is used to prevent import operations from creating a new Release
Manager with the same configuration as the previous managed, causing both
instances to write conflicting state to the backend.

To import releases, Release Manager retrieves the state stored in the backend,
connects to Tiller in the target Kubernetes cluster, and deploys the saved
releases to the cluster.

Release Manager will use --kubeconfig/--kubecontext, $KUBECONFIG, or
~/.kube/config to establish a connection to the Kubernetes cluster. If none of
these configuraitons are set, an in-cluster connection will be attempted. All
actions will be performed against the current cluster and a given command will
only perform actions against a single cluster, i.e. 'export' will
export releases from the configured cluster while 'import' will deploy releases
to the configured cluster and 'clear' requires no custer connection whatsoever.


### Options

```
      --config string             Set a custom configuration path
      --debug                     Enable debugging output
      --dry-run                   Print planned actions without making any modifications
      --kubeconfig string         Use this kubeconfig path, otherwise use the environment variable KUBECONFIG or ~/.kube/config
      --kubecontext string        Use this kube context, otherwise use the default
      --path string               Required. Use this path within the backend for state storage
      --tiller-namespace string   Communicate with the instance of Tiller in this namespace (default "kube-system")
  -v, --verbose                   Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO
* [releasemanager clear](releasemanager_clear.md)	 - Clear all state
* [releasemanager docs](releasemanager_docs.md)	 - Generate the Release Manager documentation
* [releasemanager export](releasemanager_export.md)	 - Export Helm release state
* [releasemanager import](releasemanager_import.md)	 - Import Helm release state

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Aug-2018
